README.md, before:

# About

I have industry experience in building high quality Software, AI Systems and Cloud Infrastructure— solving pressing problems in Sustainability, Climate, Healthcare and Accessibility. I am pursuing Master's in Computer Science from Santa Clara University and will graduate in June 2024. 
I am super interested in HPC (Quantum, Parallel and Distributed Computing) and AI (Image and Language Models)

# Projects

## [Generative AI for Anime Characters](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Generative-AI-Anime)
<!-- ![assets/gan-1.png](assets/gan-1.png)-->
<img src="assets/gan-1.png" width="400">
<!-- <img src="assets/gan-1.png" width="200"> -->

## [Futurama: AI Puzzle Solver](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Futurama)
![assets/n-puzzle.png](assets/n-puzzle.png)

## [Fusion-DB: Time and Space efficient Database Engine](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Fusion-DB)
![assets/fusion-db.png](assets/fusion-db.png)


## [SocialX: Social Network Knowledge Graphs](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/SocialX)
<!-- ![assets/celegans.png](assets/celegans.png) -->
<img src="assets/celegans.png" width="600">

<!-- <img src="assets/n-puzzle.png" width="200"> -->

<!--
**eshaanrathi2/eshaanrathi2** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add INDICON paper on Deep Learning and Sample Image Data

README.md, after:

# About

I have experience in building high quality Software, AI Systems and Cloud Infrastructure— solving problems in Sustainability, Climate, Healthcare and Accessibility. I am pursuing Master's in Computer Science from Santa Clara University and will graduate in June 2024. I am super interested in HPC (Quantum, Parallel and Distributed Computing) and AI (Image and Language Models).

# Projects

## [Generative AI for Anime Characters](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Generative-AI-Anime)
<!-- ![assets/gan-1.png](assets/gan-1.png)-->
<img src="assets/gan-1.png" width="400">
<!-- <img src="assets/gan-1.png" width="200"> -->

## [IEEE INDICON Paper on Deep Learning + Benchmarking Computing Devices](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9691542)
Objective was to build an universally accessible AI system for Realtime Sign Language Recognition. For example the following image represents "friend" in Indian Sign Language.
<img src="assets/sign-language-friend.JPG" width="400">

## [Futurama: AI Puzzle Solver](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Futurama)
![assets/n-puzzle.png](assets/n-puzzle.png)

## [Fusion-DB: Time and Space efficient Database Engine](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/Fusion-DB)
![assets/fusion-db.png](assets/fusion-db.png)


## [SocialX: Social Network Knowledge Graphs](https://github.com/eshaanrathi2/SocialX)
<!-- ![assets/celegans.png](assets/celegans.png) -->
<img src="assets/celegans.png" width="600">

Other Projects Include (didn't add version control):
- Twitter bot to make searching for medicines easier for people. Helped hundreds of people in Covid peak.

<!-- <img src="assets/n-puzzle.png" width="200"> -->

<!--
**eshaanrathi2/eshaanrathi2** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
